# Donation App #
### Helping our neighbors in a challenging time when you have means is a selfless act. There are many charity organizations which provide aid, relief, food, and financial assistance to the needful and underprivileged. Donors always face questions of where to start, which organization to choose, or whether their donations will really reach those who need them. There is a gap for a standalone platform which connects donors with local organizations or individuals who are in need. Especially now as people are losing jobs and financial resources due to an extended period of lockdowns amidst a global pandemic, the need to support local charities and local communities is prevalent. ###
### The main goal of this app is to connect both needy individuals and non-profit organizations with people who are willing to donate various goods in a way that is accessible, fast, and easy for both the non-profit organizations and people who are willing to donate. This app will provide a platform where individuals can post their situations, non-profit organizations can post their campaigns, users can get information about the charity contributions of these organizations, and donors can list items which they want to donate. ###
### This app is important because it will make it easier for non-profit organizations to better understand people who need donations and reach people who are willing to drop off donations. Having one app which lists all the current needs in the community will also help and encourage people who are willing to donate but are not sure where or how to easily find all the information they need. This will provide a boost to local donations and charities. ###
